docs:Update docs, fixes issue #128 (#231)
anitab-org/stem-diverse-tv: docs/contributing_guidelines.md

* When submitting a PR with changes to user interface (e.g.: new screen, ...), please add screenshots to the PR description.
* Before committing your changes, **apply** black auto-format - `black {name_of_the_file.py}` for specific file or `black .` to reformat all files
* When you are finished with your work, please squash your commits otherwise we will squash them on your PR (this can help us maintain a clear commit history). 

> * When creating an issue to report a bug in the project, please follow our [bug_report.md](https://github.com/anitab-org/stem-diverse-tv/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md) template.

Reviewer: Please use the the templets given [here](https://github.com/anitab-org/.github)

Author: I didn't understand. You mean to edit the PR description and use the template?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When creating an issue to report a bug in the project, please follow our [bug_report.md](https://github.com/anitab-org/.github/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md) template.
```

Reviewer 2: @lem0n4id replace the link with the suggested link.
